feat!: Add `onAssetsMarketData` handler (#3496)
MetaMask/snaps: packages/snaps-execution-environments/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - **BREAKING:** Move assets market data to `onAssetsMarketData` handler ([#3496](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps/pull/3496))
>   - This handler replaces the `marketData` field of `onAssetsConversion`, which is now removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **BREAKING:** Market data is now fetched through `onAssetsMarketData` instead
  of `onAssetConversion`
  - Previously, `onAssetConversion` could return a `marketData` property, which
    contained market data for the asset being converted. This property
    has been removed, and `onAssetsMarketData` should be used instead.
```
